Hey, following up here just as a point of reference and to provide us an opportunity to polish up our specific processes as we begin a phenomenal 2025 year of fantastic growth.
In short, while we all have a ton of moving parts to make everything happen, I need your help from a leadership perspective in polishing up our development process (related to app daily/weekly processes).
I trust your guidance and judgement, we are just currently all over the place as to me having a very clear understanding of the way ahead - related to pace of work and daily/weekly objectives.
So, what I am asking from you is to help me/us/the business team in establishing a proper procedures guide, - for me and you to nail down the way we execute "status checks". As you have mentioned previously, let's come up with that Montjoy, Inc outline/flow of operations so when we have our meetings (not just related to app dev roadmap, all things CTO), you as our CTO can know what the expectations are for updates, including next steps/pace of work - which would include goal dates/marks so everyone is on the same page and you/me have a very clear understanding of the resources we are using (Jira) and the specific days things will be accomplished/executed.
In no way is the goal for me to get in your way or manage your individual processes, I trust you - from a business and standard operating procedures perspective, we just need a process.
For our next steps, I am requesting your thoughts from the above for what that development/CTO outline could be so you and I understand what to discuss during meetings, which will ultimately help the business/team have a very clear understanding of when things will be done/the resources used (example Jira) & so it doesn't seem like we are just attempting to always figure it out.
Thank you, even though we're all still figuring some things out, this is 1 of those areas that we must figure out to put all of us in the best success position to have a standard flow of business ops.
This is all directly in line with our Montjoy, Inc. 3 company priories & will allow me, you, Shena to guide us within our 3 individual lanes and conduct business in a very professional manner.
#RepeatableProcess
V/r
Tim
cell: (334) 320-0577